Welcome back will.
So today we're going to go ahead and perform a separation.
We will separate our.
We will begin separating our application into subcomponents.
Why would we do this.
Why are we doing this.
Well the code will be a lot more readable to begin with.
Maybe you cannot see it just yet because we have like very few things here and there are rather basic.
But as the code grows and our bigger project this is a very useful and important thing to do.
And above all this is a proper way of coding in most programming languages pretty much anything.
So we are effectively making our subcomponents that we are going to create.
They're going to be reusable and we can use them in other places within the project so we do not need
to retype the code.
The less you have to repeat yourself within within any code the better.
So the very first thing that we need to do is create another folder within the app folder.
So we're going to go ahead and right click on it and we're going to see a new folder.
So the name of this new folder will be counted.
We're going to press enter and that's going to be our folder.
But just in case it is not clear what exactly is it that we are separating.
Kim go ahead and take a look at the site.
Just wait for it to load.
The computer has been like the VM has been really slow today I don't know why but it's not going to
load.
I don't know why I would just reload the site
if any to control save since I didn't do it from the previous one.
I mean just go ahead and control save all of them.
OK
try again.
No
can't we just do the NPM start to see if this is going to help me out a little bit.
It's been running for quite awhile.
And there we go.
So we did load sorry for the confusion and the delay but I said the VM is working really slow today.
So anyway this is these are counted.
So this is one account and this is the other account and we would like to separate this portion of the
code that is in charge of displaying this onto the screen.
And the logic behind it into a separate component which we will be able to reuse So this is the this
is the part ops.
This is the part that we are attempting.
So these two fields that turn into green when we select them these two fields we are actually trying
to not these two fields but the way the accounts are being displayed and pulled.
That is what we are trying to separate into a separate component.
And let's go back into Adam.
So the first thing is we did is create an account that is create a folder called account and we will
take account doffed model dot TS and you will simply click on it hold a mouse and we're going to drag
it over to a folder account release the mouse and you will see that it is now that the account or account
of model Ts is there.
Though we don't actually need to change anything here in terms of code.
We just need to move it to a different location.
That is quite literally it.
Now since we have moved this how we all do will require a few other things here.
So let's go ahead and create the folders that we're going to need.
I have actually written down the names for myself here so we will need accounts underline list subcomponent
at CSSA.
We would like some styling to go here.
We will pull the styling from the old C Ss and of course the bootstrap is still enabled.
We will create its own separate HD M-L which will plug into the main HD M-L We'll see how this is done
as well and we will of course need the TS file as well.
So these three these three files we will need to create.
So let's just go ahead and create them.
I'm just going to go ahead and copy paste this you can type them in its accounts underlined list of
component parts see us nothing too terrible to type in.
So right click on account.
We are creating these files within the folder account.
Right click on our account create.
Click on your file.
You will see it here and then type in the name here.
They will be empty for now.
We will populate them with code very soon.
We just need three names.
We're just doing some basic preparation for the code that we are about to basically migrate.
So to say and we're going to need you now for the third one so we'll need.
We will require the D.S.
as well.
Excellent.
So now we have this the simplest one of these to complete is actually CSSA but from the account sci
fi open up the account I will have success.
So it is empty at the moment and we will what we would want to do is tear this C-s us out of here take
it out of here and put it over there.
I placed small taglines for myself to know which part of the code to actually pool from which from which
file you don't need them.
So control X to copy this code and then go into the newly created CSX file and all you need to do is
just paste it here.
That is quite literally it.
Now we can go into the DML file and it's empty of course.
So we need to go to the Apter component or HDMI file and we're going to pour a portion of the code from
here as well.
So I'll explain what this is.
We are about to plug this in.
But first you need to basically capitis.
So begin from here you have a helper to your accounts begin right down below from just the ups and Keepon
scrolling down to the end of this to the end of the end of Mannat to the end of everything but keep
on scrolling down until you see class row call M.D 6.
So you can see you can see how far have I when you can see where I began selecting and where I ended
the selection.
Just counted divs from the top and counted it was from the bottom and you will be able to make the same
selection.
So control X again just tear it out of there and go into the go into here and paste it OK that's all
you really need to do there.
Now you can go back to the HDMI file from which we actually pulled it.
These are just tags for me.
And we are going to removed the quote remove the comment lines here.
So this is a very special line here.
This is something that we are going to use in order to plug this DML in.
So all of this angular will know to poort basically between these two tacks how we shall achieve this.
I will come back to this in the follow up tutorial but for the time being you need these two tags and
you need to copy DHC a male and CSSA SS code and place it in the L and CSSA folder in the next tutorial.
We will move onto the Ts and here you will actually see how angular we'll know to actually plug the
HMO code between our custom tax year.
So the integrity the integrity of accounts underlying list that component of HDMI file the entirety
of that code will be placed between these two tags.
Not by us but by angular.
When the site is actually loaded so we need to create some sort of logic for that to happen.
So please enact this preparation and in default Tauriel we will jump into the logic of the code in the
account underlined Let's start component Yes in the account folder.